We find E-Commerce mega menu in almost all online shopping websites where they display the all their available category of products. We will design the database and use AngularJS to easily present the menu to the user with some interactions.

Today we are going to create a similar megamenu using 

HTML with Bootstrap 3* (For easy styling and user interactivity)
AngularJS (Model View Whatever Javascript framework to write the application logic) 
MySQL (Database)
PHP (Our server side programming language for providing data from MySQL database to AngularJS Application)
PHPSlim (A PHP framework to easily create ReSTFul web services) [Optional]


The directory structure of our application as follows

angularcode-megamenu
	api ----------------------- Out ReSTFul API end point
		libs ------------------ Contains all PHPSlim library files
		v1 -------------------- Current version of our ReST routes from where data is served
			.htaccess --------- Apache rules
			config.php -------- Contains our database configurations
			dbHelper.php ------ A database helper function
			index.php --------- The main file of our api from where our API runs
	app ----------------------- Contains all our custom AngularJS files
		app.js ---------------- The only AngularJS file we require for this project
	css ----------------------- Stylesheets
		bootstrap.min.css ----- Here i used Bootstrap v3.3.2
		megamenu.css ---------- Some custom styling to generate the frontend of our megamenu
	libs ---------------------- All libraries required by our project
		angular.js ------------ In this project we require only AngularJS
	index.html ---------------- The main file from where our application starts

You can download a copy of the whole project from the above download link.
To run the project 

	Install Apache, PHP, MySQL (I used WAMP on a windows machine) 
	Activate Apache rewrite module
	Download and unzip the code file provided you as zip archive into your apache root folder.
	Import the angularcode_megamenu.sql file into MySQL which will automatically create a new database named angularcode_megamenu and a table named megamenu in your MySQL database

If you face any issue while creating the above ReST API, probably you misconfigured the Apache, PHP, MySQL or rewrite module is not working properly

Now lets understand the working principle. How things work together.

First lets design the databse structure for our proejct
Database - categories 


We will first create the ReST API required for our project

config

dbHelper.php

index.php

Now our API is ready. You can test the API by browsing http://localhost/angularcode-megamenu/api/v1/categories

This should show all the categories with corresponding subcategories.

The job now is to show up the data to the user as a megamenu
For that we need to include bootstrap and angularjs into our project. Our index.html files will now look like the following.

index.html

The index file contains one file named app/app.js which contains our AngularJS Javascript code of our application

app.js

megamenu.css
The stylesheet which presents the megamenu to the user and expands the child nodes when user hovers over the parent menu item.

We are done with creating a megamenu using AngularJS. Feel free to leave any comment bellow.